Upload podcast ep 6 (#7922)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/the-future-of-device-management-ep6.md

# Future of device management

> ## EP 6: Whitney Champion: Scaling infrastructure automation with open source tools

Reviewer: I'd rather not have two colons in one title. Could we start the episode title with the number followed by a period, such as "6." instead of "EP 6:"? If this change has too many cascading effects, like updating titles on podcast platforms, I wouldn't worry about it.

Author: What about EP 6 - Whitney Champion: ...etc Just playing devil's advocate on it. We can definitely change it. Better to start this process before we're on episode 100 haha

Reviewer: If we're going to include the number, I'd go with "Ep. 6 -" or "6." The simplest option would be to omit the number altogether.

<iframe allow="autoplay *; encrypted-media *; fullscreen *; clipboard-write" frameborder="0" height="175" style="width:100%;max-width:660px;overflow:hidden;background:transparent;" sandbox="allow-forms allow-popups allow-same-origin allow-scripts allow-storage-access-by-user-activation allow-top-navigation-by-user-activation" src="https://embed.podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/ep-6-whitney-champion-scaling-infrastructure-automation/id1641183838?i=1000580448335"></iframe>

> Listen to the episode on [Apple](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/ep-6-whitney-champion-scaling-infrastructure-automation/id1641183838?i=1000580448335), [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/episode/4ywwvk1vSj0ENhrAg4k1Ii?si=w6dg7PlsQ0CqTQQXQb7RTQ), or [PodBean](https://www.podbean.com/ew/pb-z3dhr-12ced49)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Listen to the episode on [Apple](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/ep-6-whitney-champion-scaling-infrastructure-automation/id1641183838?i=1000580448335), [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/episode/4ywwvk1vSj0ENhrAg4k1Ii?si=w6dg7PlsQ0CqTQQXQb7RTQ), or [PodBean](https://www.podbean.com/ew/pb-z3dhr-12ced49).
```

> Whitney is a co-founder and the lead architect at Recon InfoSec. She has extensive experience in large-scale infrastructure automation and orchestration in both the private and public sector. She builds and maintains the security stack that powers Recon’s MDR services and their network defense range, which powers their NDR training and OpenSOC.io. Listen in to today's episode to learn how Whitney got her start in cybersecurity, and how open source tools can help lay the foundation for better security infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whitney Champion is a co-founder and the lead architect at Recon InfoSec. She has extensive experience in large-scale infrastructure automation and orchestration in both the private and public sector. She builds and maintains the security stack that powers Recon’s MDR services and their network defense range, which supports their NDR training and OpenSOC.io. In this episode, Whitney discusses how she got her start in cybersecurity and how open source tools can help lay the foundation for better security infrastructure.
```
Not sure if "support" is the best word, but I was trying to add some variety. Feel free to swap it for something else or leave it as "powers" if you feel that's the most accurate.

### Topics discussed:

- Whitney’s background and how she got involved with cybersecurity
- Understanding the importance of learning new security tooling
- Whitney’s involvement with OpenSOC and Blue Team CTF at DefCon
- Recommendations for transferring skills from practice to practical methodologies
- Where her excitement for open source stems from
- What some of the biggest challenges Recon InfoSec face and how they overcome them
- The future of cybersecurity

### Where to get in touch:

> - [Find Whitney on Twitter](https://twitter.com/shortxstack)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Whitney Champion on Twitter](https://twitter.com/shortxstack)
```

> - [Recon InfoSec's Twitter](https://twitter.com/Recon_InfoSec)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Recon InfoSec on Twitter](https://twitter.com/Recon_InfoSec)
```

> - [Recon InfoSec on Twitter](https://twitter.com/Recon_InfoSec)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Find Recon InfoSec on Twitter](https://twitter.com/Recon_InfoSec).
```

> - [The Recon InfoSec Blog](https://www.reconinfosec.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Visit the Recon InfoSec blog](https://www.reconinfosec.com/).
```

> - [Recon InfoSec on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/recon-infosec/) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Find Recon InfoSec on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/recon-infosec/).
```

> - [Visit the OpenSoc website](https://opensoc.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The OpenSOC website](https://opensoc.io/)
```
